---
date: 2024-02-29 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Dune Part 2
subtitle: Dune you need to go and watch this movie?
description: Dune Part 2 Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/Dune2.jpeg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/Dune2-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**The Good:**
From even the first shot, you can see how visually stunning the movie is. You immediately become immersed in the world of Dune immediately. From the bright orange tones of sand on Arrakis or the monochrome coloring of Giedi Prime, you will be in love with how the movie looks. What aids the movie is the fact that the movie was shot mostly on location. You can tell that the actors, especially the Fremen, became one with the environment and helped it stand out even more.

What elevated the movie experience even more was the acting. Not only did every actor bring their A-game, they also all mastered fight choreography when necessary. It is evident that every actor loved working on the movie and that they wanted every scene to be perfect. To me, the standout of the movie was Timothee Chalamet. He plays Paul so wonderfully.

One of the coolest scenes in any movie is in this one. It is when Paul first rides the sand worms. The fact that Denis Villeneuve was able to find a way to visually show how the Fremen mount and ride the worms was mind boggling. I’m really hoping that in Dune Messiah they can figure out how it looks to get off the worms. That really confuses me.

On top of everything, Hans Zimmer made a score that is transported to the world of Dune. It’s obvious he loves the books and the story being told, and he put his heart and soul into making the music. He was able to capture times of caution, times of expiration, and times of triumph through the soundtrack and elevate the scenes that were shot. The movie would not be the same without the score.


**The Meh:**
I may be the only one to say this, but after seeing the movie more than once, I found myself getting a little bored during the movie. I haven’t been able to figure out exactly what was boring me, but I’m thinking it was centered around the characters and the intrinsic nature of the story. 

I’m not sure I really ever cared for or got attached to any of the characters. If someone would live or die it wouldn’t matter to me. I wanted to root for or cheer on a character, but I never felt a connection for me to actually do that.

As for my issue with the intrinsic nature of the story, I found it difficult to feel the tension in the movie due to the fact Paul can have visions to see the future. He can see what he should do in order to succeed, so, just due to the fact that he knows exactly what to do, we are only going to see triumph. There is no difficulty in story progression (for the most part), and Paul never fails on his quest to take revenge for his family. I think this issue becomes extremely evident upon rewatching the movie.



**The Bad:**
There is nothing bad about this movie at all.


**Overall:**
Despite my small nit picks, this movie is one of the best movies to ever experience on the big screen. It is visually stunning, the acting is incredible, and the soundtrack is moving. I think this movie is a masterclass on how a director’s clear vision of a movie can create a visual masterpiece.


**Rating:**
4.5/5
