---
date: 2024-06-13 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Inside Out 2
subtitle: Is it as good as the original?
description: Inside Out 2 Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/InsideOut2.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/InsideOut2-Wide.jpg
author: prestonmoline
---

**The Good:**
I think this movie is wonderful. It is unashamedly Pixar, and I love it. I love how Pixar has another slam dunk with its animation. I loved how much detail they put into every frame, making each scene feel like a masterpiece. I think Pouchy and Lance Slashblade were my favorite animated characters. Not only were they very funny, they helped show off how effortlessly Pixar was able to add a 2D animated character in a 3D animated environment.

I also think the script was extremely well done. In a lot of PG movies, I feel that recent humor in those movies has either been an innuendo for adults or just a little cheesy, even for kids. In Inside Out 2, there were so many jokes that were so natural and actually funny. It was so refreshing for a PG movie to have great, unique humor in it.

Just like in the first Inside Out movie, the way the emotions worked together and were represented in the movie were wonderful. I think adding more complex emotions to Riley’s mind allowed more adults to connect with the emotions being represented. Life is more than the few emotions shown in the original. Every scene and script decision really showed how much time, effort, and attention was put into making sure that not only there could be a simple, yet impactful, story that took place, but also that the emotions Riley was feeling could be visually represented and extremely impactful, even for adults. 


**The Meh:**
Despite how the emotions of Riley are very well expressed and displayed, I still find it difficult to fully connect with a movie where its sole idea of the movie is about processing emotion. I understand that it can resonate with a lot of people, which I love, but I just struggle with it.


**Overall:**
I think this is a wonderful Pixar movie, and it is better than the original. I’ve never really felt a great connection with the Inside Out franchise like others have, and despite that, I know others will enjoy it even more than I already did!


**Rating:**
4.5/5
