---
date: 2024-05-24-Furiosa. 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Furiosa
subtitle: Was Furiosa furious and fun?
description: Furiosa Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/Furiosa.jpeg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/Furiosa-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**The Good:**
Upon the first few minutes, you get an eye at what kind of movie George Miller is making. Besides trying to have a flashy story, Miller is trying to make a world that is vibrant, yet desolate. The orange haze of the dirt mixed with the bright blue sky make the visuals of this movie extremely distinct compared to others. The movie takes place in the Wasteland, so the colors used make the sand look desolate and the areas of flourish seem like paradise. 

When it comes to the action in the film, it is nearly flawless. So many of the scenes just made my mouth drop. I had never seen this type of action before, and it was so engaging and fun to watch. I’m not even a huge car guy, but what they were able to accomplish with some of these stunts and action sequences were just amazing. I’m going to want to know how they filmed these and pulled them off (I’m crossing my fingers it is using limited VFX)

Along with the action, I love how George Miller will occasionally edit the movie to be faster at times to emphasize action or important moments. By doing this, I think this makes the action seem even more crazy and diabolical than it already is, and I think this makes some of the more important scenes (like when Furiosa is first getting captured by the riders) to stand out and to be different.

Despite playing extremely quirky characters, the actors did an incredible job portraying the characters. I particularly loved Chris Hemsworth playing Dementus. He was hilarious, diabolical, and extremely charismatic. He stole every scene he was in, and it makes me hope he gets so many more unique roles like this in future movies.


**The Meh:**
One part of the movie that I thought was a little weak was the setup for the movie. At the beginning of the movie Furiosa is taken by the riders. The only reason she gets caught by the riders is because she starts to tamper with the riders’ motorcycles to keep them from going anywhere. I just think it was really dumb that a kid thought she should be the one to take care of the bikers. I think the kids should have had an easy way to contact responsible adults so they could take care of the bikers. Also, if Furiosa would have just listened to her mom and just rode home (instead of running back to her mom after she was captured) there would have been no movie. I understand that they needed Furiosa to get captured, but I think they should have found a much smarter way to do it. 

I also think the names of the characters in the film are just ridiculous. I understand that the names are part of the uniqueness and the charm of the movie, but I think having names like Scrotus and Rectus are really stupid. Having names like that is something a teenager would write, not mature adults.



**Overall:**
Despite having never seen Mad Max: Fury Road prior to this review, (I have only seen the original Mad Max, which I thought was very sub-par.), I still thought that this movie was very enjoyable. The action was incredible, the story was simple but strong, and Chris Hemsworth was perfect. I know that films like this aren’t for everyone, but I know that most who like adrenaline filled movies and extreme car chases are going to absolutely love this film.


**Rating:**
4.5/5
