---
date: 2025-03-20 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Black Bag
subtitle: Short Review
description: Black Bag Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/BlackBag.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/BlackBag-Wide.jpg
author: prestonmoline
---

**Short Reivew:**
This is such a great, unique, original spy movie. Michael Fassbender and Cate Blanchett do an incredible job portraying a power couple, both of whom are in the intelligence community, trying to track down a traitor (which may end up being each other). What makes the movie so fun is that throughout the whole movie they keep you on your toes, not giving away too much information, having nobody slip up, so finding out who did it at the end becomes a very exciting scene. There are several scenes throughout the movie where the writers did an incredible job of creating these scenes where people lie, confess, and snitch on each other to try and protect their personal lives and also their jobs. Where I struggled with the movie was with the inherent urgency of the movie. At the beginning it is mentioned that the traitor's actions could have absolutely catastrophic impacts and that the traitor needs to be found ASAP, but nothing felt urgent in the movie, making me wish I could have been on the edge of my seat a little more.

Overall, this is a great spy thriller that had incredible acting whose story was very intriguing. If you are a fan of spy movies, betrayal, and whodunit stories, you will enjoy this movie quite a lot.


**Rating:**
4/5
