---
date: 2025-10-03 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Good Boy
subtitle: Short Review
description: Good Boy Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/GoodBoy.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/GoodBoy-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**Short Review:**
Despite never having seen a trailer for the movie prior to watching it, and only hearing the overall premise of the movie, I was quite surprised by how much I ended up enjoying the film. If you are unaware of the premise of the movie, it is a horror movie from the dog point of view.

I think what the movie does so well is being a simple, well made movie. It’s not the most mind blowing horror movie ever made, but its unique premise and perspective allow it to be enjoyable, especially if you aren’t a huge fan of the genre. Even though the story is extremely straightforward and there is very little dialogue, I loved that they were able to try and find a way to capture the various emotions of the dog, making the movie more of an experience rather than a compelling story. For being only an hour and fifteen minutes long, this is definitely a movie to check out as it doesn’t overstay its welcome and the premise of the film is able to povide an exprience to keep you engaged the whole time (plus the dog is super cute). 

As an additional note, what made me enjoy the movie even more was the credits. The overall  credits were a minute or two long, but after the credits end they have a 5-7 minute long video of the director (owner of the dog) saying/showing how he was able to get the dog to do everything in the movie. It was super cute, and it made me appreciate the movie even more than I initially did.


**Rating:**
3.5/5 




