---
date: 2025-03-08 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Mickey 17
subtitle: Short Review
description: Mickey 17 Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/Mickey17.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/Mickey17-Wide.png
author: prestonmoline
---

**Short Review:**
This is one of the most unique movies I have ever seen. Bong Joon-ho does such an incredible job setting up this story as a space and new planet colonization adventure, this coming from the setup of the story within film in addition to the set and production design throughout the movie. I loved having Robert Pattinson as the lead, as he was able to do so much with both Mickey 17 and Mickey 18, playing the same character with 2 completely different personalities. Despite being based on a book, the movie idea felt new and original, feeling like a movie that is trying something new in the sci-fi genre. There is so much good on display, but there were several decisions made throughout that I thought were really weird. There were plot lines that I thought were going to be important that never got addressed again, and there were things said by the antagonists of the movie that were supposed to be funny, but they fell flat nearly every time. It was as if the villains were over acting, which made the combination of the writing and acting feel weird and confusing to me. The ending of the movie was also quite underwhelming, which also didn’t help.

Overall, while I enjoyed the ambition of the film being made, this wasn’t my kind of movie. If you are interested in taking a chance on a movie that seems intriguing by the trailers, I’d suggest watching this. While I didn’t love it, I’m still glad I was able to watch a movie like this. My wife ended up connecting with it and liking it more than me, so there is a chance this movie could be very enjoyable to you, unlike me. I think this is one of the movies to take a chance on.


**Rating:**
3/5

