---
date: 2025-04-11 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Warfare
subtitle: 
description: Warfare Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/Warfare.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/Warfare-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**Review:**
This is a much-watch war movie. This movie walks you through real life events that happened during a crazy day in Iraq. It’s not political, there’s no crazy story, and there’s no character moments. The movie is solely focused on recreating exact events as recalled from the memories of the soldiers there that day, which makes this movie so unique and so memorable. 

Because the movie is all based on the memories of the soldiers, the film also doesn’t shy away to do and show things that traditional movies do. You spend time with the characters in complete silence doing their jobs (there is no soundtrack in the film), you see brutal and deadly injuries, and you hear the screams of soldiers in absolute pain. Everything that the soldiers did or went through, you saw and heard everything, completely immersing you with the film.

What also aided the film's immersion was the cinematography and the sound design of the film, both being perfectly executed. Not only do you see everything they did and saw, you hear it too. When an IUD explodes, you hear the ringing in the soldiers ears, you hear the echoing gunshots from all around you, you hear the continual screams of wounded soldiers, and you hear the breathing of the soldiers as they are trying to not get completely overwhelmed by everything taking place, making this movie stand out so much more than any other movie I’ve seen this year and in the last few years.

The more I think of this movie I think of it more of an experience. It’s an experience that significantly increased the respect I have towards the soldiers who had to go through all of this time and time again in service of their country. It was fun at times (like in the opening scene of the movie), but other times haunt you and try to break you, making you fight for your life just for survival.

**Rating:**
4.5/5
