---
date: 2025-06-21 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Elio
subtitle: How is Pixar's newest film?
description: Elio Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/Elio.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/Elio-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**Review:**
Elio is the story of a boy trying to find acceptance and love for who he is. Elio’s parents died when he was quite young, and he is now being raised by his aunt. His cousin is a member of Space Force, and due to her affiliation with space, Elio likewise begins to obsess about the beyond. Because of his cousin’s job though, he begins to feel as if he’s not important and if he is more of a liability to her and others, especially because it’s “his fault” that she is struggling to do what she really wants to do at her job because she has to take care of him, causing him to feel worthless, along, and want to know  if there are people out there who he belongs with and who will accept him.

What makes this movie so touching is that it is able to show Elio throughout the course of the movie find acceptance for who he is, finding friends, understanding and comfort with his living situation with his Aunt, and realize that his quirks and personality make him unique and wanted no matter what. This was especially touching to me as I was seeing this movie with my little cousin. He has been living with his aunt and uncle for the last 7 years, and the events of the movie feel and the way it was written specifically for him. I loved seeing him totally focused, knowing he found a movie that he could really connect and resonate with. 

As for my thoughts on the movie, I really enjoyed what Pixar was able to give us with this movie. I’ve felt like so many movies recently have been trying to shove way too much into a single movie, but this one didn’t. The story was simple, straightforward, and very focused, making it relatable to everyone. The animation of the film was also gorgeous. I know I’ve said so many animated movies have had fantastic animation, but this one really does stand out.

Overall, this is another very solid Pixar film. The only aspect of the movie I didn’t care for was the beginning, as a lot of the characterization of Elio was a little too cliche for my liking, as he is just this awkward kid who gets bullied because of his hobbies. Despite this, I think everyone who watches it will enjoy what they watch, and I highly suggest you watch this one, especially if you have kids.


**Rating:**
4/5
