---
date: 2025-12-06 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Zootopia 2
subtitle: Short Review
description: Zootopia 2 Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/Zootopia2.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/Zootopia2-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**Short Review:**
I saw Zootopia 1 for the first time 4 years ago when my wife and I were dating. I thought it was fun, but I’ve only seen it this one time. Because of this, I won’t be able to compare the sequel to the original. That being said, I thought the sequel was also a lot of fun. Disney did a fantastic job bringing this beautiful and creative world back to audiences, providing a story that complements the world that was established in the original. The existing characters are as fun and lively as usual, and they did a fantastic job at introducing more new characters that have their own unique personalities that push and stretch the main characters to become better and push the world to be a better place. 

One of my only main issues with the movie related to its pacing. The beginning of the movie starts off on fire, being extremely fast paced and funny, getting you right into the meat of the story. Where the pacing started to cause me issues was in the middle, where the strong start almost seems to take a complete 180. The middle is made up of asking the same questions over and over (“Who is that?”,  “Where is he going?”, “How do we get there?”, and  “Why”). Since the characters were just going place to place asking these same questions, nothing plot-wise or character-wise seemed to actually be progressing, significantly slowing the pace of the movie and slightly deteriorating my enjoyment of the film. My struggles with the middle is somewhat remedied with a great twist prior to the ending that really allows the ending to have a beautiful resolution that brings the classic Disney feeling we’ve been missing from the last few years of Disney films, but I still wish the movie could have found a way to keep the pacing in the middle consistent with the first act of the movie.

Overall, it was super refreshing to be able to watch a Disney sequel that is actually fun and enjoyable for all audiences, adults and kids alike (yes, Moana 2 and Mufasa were very disappointing). If Disney can keep having their movies have this quality of output, I think movie going audiences will be much more satisfied with Disney’s capabilities to engage and entertain adults and children alike.


**Rating:**
4/5 



