---
date: 2025-08-12 12:00:00
layout: post
title: WEAPONS
subtitle: Short Review
description: WEAPONS Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/Weapons.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/Weapons-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**Short Review**
As someone who doesn't care for horror movies, I enjoyed this movie much more than I expected. The idea of 17 kids disappearing in the middle of the night is such a unique and intriguing premise to a movie, and the story allowed the actors to be able to deliver wonderful performances as a grieving member of this town. The film is structured in a way where you see the story from the perspective of 6 different individuals within the town, and by structuring it this way the audience is able to learn more about the ongoing situation over time from various perspectives. Because of this structure, I felt significantly more engaged in the story and in the lives of the individuals we were following. The only portions of the movie that I didn't care for were all of the horror elements of the movie. I know the movie is trying to be more of a horror movie, but there are jump scares scattered throughout that I thought were pointless at times, and (trying not to go into spoilers) I thought the reason(s) behind the disappearing kids was kind of dumb. It could have been significantly better, and it almost ruined the movie for me. Overall, I enjoyed the movie much more than I thought, and I really do enjoy a majority of the movie, but I just wish the movie was more of an investigative thriller instead of a horror thriller. If you are a horror fan or if you found the trailers to be intriguing at all, this movie will be right up your alley.


**Rating:**
3.5/5



