---
date: 2025-09-01 12:01:00
layout: post
title: The Roses
subtitle: Review
description: The Roses Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/TheRoses.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/TheRoses-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**Review:**
After seeing the trailers for this movie for the first time I was sold on the idea of it, but after seeing the trailer over and over at nearly every movie I went to after that (at least 15+ times), I genuinely started to think I wouldn’t enjoy the movie because I was starting to get annoyed by the trailers. Despite these reservations, I am happy my initial instincts about the movie were right. Starting in the first scene of the movie it starts off right with the humor you want and expect, and from then on it doesn’t let down.

While the trailers showed how the whole movie was about a married couple trying to separate from each other, I really appreciated that they spent the first half of the movie to spend time showing how they met and how their relationship had been during the first 10-15 years of marriage. I wasn’t expecting them to put as much time as they did regarding their past, but it really allowed the relationship to have an actual foundation and for us as the audience to understand the cracks of the relationship and the issues/faults of each of each spouse.

I also loved how it showed how crazy a marriage can be. Through the arguments and through the fighting you see where both characters are coming from, their perspectives, and the story is framed in a way that each spouse both has reasonable reasons for not being satisfied in their marriage. The movie takes everything to and 11 for satirical purposes (of course), but the foundation of each argument actually seems (mostly) reasonable. It is also this aspect of the movie that I really think this movie will resonate significantly more with married individuals. Seeing how crazy this fictional couple is really makes you want to be more open and honest with your spouse and want to find more grace with yourself and your spouse, which is definitely what I wasn’t expecting in a comedy of this type.

Overall, this movie was so much funnier than I expected. One of the only downsides of the movie is that this is definitely just a one-time-watch kind of movie. While I don’t see myself rewatching this, I’d definitely recommend watching this one, especially if you are married. 


**Rating:**
4/5
