---
date: 2025-10-16 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Roofman
subtitle: Short Review
description: Roofman Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/Roofman.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/Roofman-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**Short Review:**
To keep this brief, this movie is absurdly fun, and what makes it so good is Channing Tatum. He is able to perfectly embody Jeffrey Manchester (the actual Roofman) and was able to show off the absurdity of this actually true story. If you’ve seen the trailer you understand exactly what is going to happen in the movie, but what makes the movie so good is that even though you know what is eventually going to happen, you buy into the characters, their motivations, and their relationships. You want the best for the characters, and even though Jeffrey isn’t a great guy, you just want the best for him since it seems that with this new family he became a part of he is actually being a great father and trying to make up for the mistakes he had made in his past.
The only part of the movie I wish they could have done a little better is to integrate Jeffrey’s actual daughter in the 2nd half of the movie. The first half of the movie sets her up as the daughter he would literally do everything for, but in the second half of the movie she is never brought up again in a meaningful way.

Additionally, make sure to stay through all of the movie’s credits. It shows actual footage of the story and interviews with characters you see in the movie. It was really interesting to watch, and it was a wonderful cherry on top to an already incredible movie.


**Rating:**
4.5/5 



