---
date: 2025-04-07 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Drop
subtitle: Short Review
description: Drop Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/Drop.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/Drop-Wide.png
author: prestonmoline
---

**Short Review:**
Drop is a movie with a very unique premise. The idea that you could be stranded away from home, being a hostage and forced to do whatever the Drops tell you to do to prevent harm to your kid. I thought the start and buildup of the movie was great, having you understand the main character, her past, what drives her, and what some of her fears are, which the villain is able to exploit, allowing for climax and the resolution of the movie to be extremely satisfying. Where the movie really struggles is in the middle of the film where the story stagnates, significantly decreasing the intrigue of the story and what is happening. It has the character making a lot of very poor decisions (because of poor writing) instead of coming up with unique ideas to get out of her circumstance. There was also a lot of awkward dialogue that happened just to try to keep the tension of the movie high, but in actuality it really made me dissociate with the story that was trying to be told and the tension that was trying to be built. There were also frequent “jokes” that were said to try to liven up the writing and the dialogue, but none of it landed for me either. The only reason I could somewhat enjoy these sections was due to the cinematography, which was genuinely awesome at times.

Overall, I think the movie is just good. I think the premise of the movie is great, but I just wish the execution during the middle of the movie could have improved. If you saw the trailers for this and were intrigued by it, I think you’ll enjoy it enough.


**Rating:**
3/5
