---
date: 2026-04-20 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Normal
subtitle: Short Review
description: Normal Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/Normal.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/Normal-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**Review:**
I had high hopes for this movie, as it’s a mid-budget action movie featuring Bob Odenkirk, but I only found it to be fine. The movie is about a man coming into the town of Normal, Minnesota to be the temporary sheriff, and he finds himself in the middle of something he wouldn’t have expected. While the movie does a great job ending on a relatively high note, the movie struggles a lot at the beginning, being a little too slow and disinteresting. Bob Odenkirk does a great job playing the temporary sheriff, and he has some great moments to shine with his action in the last half of the movie, but it’s the first half of the movie where they do nothing to make his character or to make the story progress in an engaging way. Since the movie is attempting to be serious, there were times the action was too comical. I was literally laughing out loud because the action went to a place that felt so out of pocket compared to the rest of the movie, and this happened 3-5 times. It was due to these moments that I really began to question why certain production decisions were made, as they started to throw me off and distract me.

Overall, the movie is completely watchable, and some people are going to enjoy this much more than me, but I found that the movie could have been much better than what we got. If you see this on a streaming platform and you just want to watch a cheesy action movie, this may be worth putting on, even if it’s a little too slow at the beginning.


**Rating:**
2.5/5 


