---
date: 2026-07-02 12:00:00
layout: post
title: Toy Story 5
subtitle: Was this a needed sequel?
description: Toy Story 5 Movie Review
category: Movie
image: /assets/img/uploads/ToyStory5.jpg
optimized_image: /assets/img/uploads/ToyStory5-Wide.jpeg
author: prestonmoline
---

**Review:**
I love Toy Story. I grew up watching Toy Story, and I think the first two movies are some of the best movies ever made. While I’m not a kid any more, hearing that Toy Story was going to attempt and tackle the toys vs. electronics story, I thought that was a perfect way to engage with toys in the modern day of technology. 

While I still very much enjoyed the movie, being a very fun Toy Story sequel, I think it is still the weakest/worst of the Toy Story movies, as there is just too much going on throughout the whole thing. The movie is attempting to comment on the rise of technology and the impact that has on kids. The movie also puts Jessie as the main character, wanting to explore her current state along with learning and embracing her past with Emily. The movie also has a weird side quest with 50+ modern and advanced Buzz Lightyear toys who awoke after being crashed at sea. All of these story lines surprisingly do come together very elegantly by the end, pulling at your heartstrings all throughout the end, but even though they wrap the bow on it at the end doesn’t make up for the fact the movie was a little all over the place.
As a new father, this movie really did impact me more than others, as I’ve been contemplating for a while now about how I want my kids to grow up and engage with technology. While the movie didn’t give me any answers about what I should do (nor did I expect it to), it definitely allowed me to contemplate this very idea during and after the movie, which I appreciated.

Lastly, even though I knew this was going to be the case, the one thing the movie was missing was the classic Randy Newman score. I absolutely adore his scores/songs throughout the Toy Story franchise, so having there be a movie without his iconic score/songs, let alone a new song from him, really felt like a part of the heart of the Toy Story franchise was missing throughout the movie. You get hints of his themes and motifs throughout the movie, but it’s not the same as a Randy Newman score being a part of the movie’s DNA.

Overall, this is definitely another great movie from Pixar. Even though we actually took Easton to see this with us, I can’t wait to show him this movie, along with the other Toy Story movies once he gets older, as they are all great movies with a special place in my heart.

**Rating:**
4/5 


